# Optimizing Microseismic Monitoring: A Fusion of Gaussian-Cauchy and Adaptive Weight Strategies

Wei Zhu, Zhihui Li, Hang Su, Lei Liu, Ali Asghar Heidari, Huiling Chen, * Guoxi Liang f,*

Abstract: In mining mineral resources, it is vital to monitor the stability of the rock body in real time, reasonably regulate the area of ground pressure concentration, and guarantee the safety of personnel and equipment. The microseismic signals generated by monitoring the rupture of the rock body can effectively predict the rock body disaster, but the current microseismic monitoring technology is not ideal. In order to address the issue of microseismic monitoring in deep wells, this research suggests a machine learning-based model for predicting microseismic phenomena. First, this work presents the random spare, double adaptive weight, and Gaussian-Cauchy fusion strategies as additions to the multi-verse optimizer (MVO) and suggests an enhanced MVO algorithm (RDGMVO). Subsequently, the RDGMVO-FKNN microseismic prediction model is presented by combining it with the Fuzzy K-Nearest Neighbours (FKNN) classifier. The experimental section compares twelve traditional and recently enhanced algorithms with RDGMVO, demonstrating the latter's excellent benchmark optimization performance and remarkable improvement effect. Next, the FKNN comparison experiment, the classical classifier experiment, and the microseismic dataset feature selection experiment confirm the precision and stability of the RDGMVO-FKNN model for the microseismic prediction problem. According to the results, the RDGMVO-FKNN model has an accuracy above 89%, indicating that it is a reliable and accurate method for classifying and predicting microseismic occurrences.

@article{Wang_2022_TITS,
author={Wang, Yongzhen and Yan, Xuefeng and Guan, Donghai and Wei, Mingqiang and Chen, Yiping and Zhang, Xiao-Ping and Li, Jonathan},
  journal={IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems}, 
  title={Cycle-SNSPGAN: Towards Real-World Image Dehazing via Cycle Spectral Normalized Soft Likelihood Estimation Patch GAN}, 
  year={2022},
  volume={23},
  number={11},
  pages={20368--20382},
  doi={10.1109/TITS.2022.3170328}
}
